
slide 0, 
Haitao is a customer who needs a air conditioner.
Yuchen is a technical consultant to support the air conditioner, called BestMachine.

slide 1.
problem senario

Haitao: What a hot day! I need an air conditioner to make me cool.
	Hi, Yuchen. Is there any air conditioner you can recommend?
Yuchen: Sure, try our latest product. It is efficient in power saving.  
Haitao: Sound good. But how can I use this machine. It seems quite sophisticated. 
Yuchen: It is easy, and u can check the manual book. (show slide)
Haitao:	Let me try. The air conditioner consists of three major subsystems:
	1) a Power module to enable/disable power, 
	2) a compressor system to …
	3) a temperature control system to …
 
	To start the air conditioner, first…, second…
Haitao: Oh my. What the hell is this. I can not remember these stuffs, Can u give me an integrated interface?
	so that i can use the air conditioner more easily.
Yuchen: en, interesting idea. Let me check the design pattern book. En, I think the Facade design pattern can help. 
Haitao: Facade? What do u mean by Facade pattern? 

Yuchen: OK, I’ll show you. 


slide2:
definition of Facade pattern. and How it help solve the above problem.

Yuchen： … give the definition of Facade pattern. 
	In this air-condition example, I can offer u a remote-controller as the facade of the complex air conditioner system.

Haitao: Remote-controller, en, I like it. With the Remote-controller, I can manipulate the air conditioner just through the facade.
	That really save my much efforts. By simply click the makeCool button on the remote-controller, cool air comes. Fantastic!
	But how facade works? Can you give a detailed explanation of the underlying mechanism.



slide3,4:
3.UML 4.sequence diagram
Yuchen: Why not! balabla(explain the UML)
Haitao: En, quite easy to understand. What about the sequence diagram?
Yuchen: xxx

slide5
benefits and application senario , limitation
Haitao: I see the point. So I think the benefit of Facade pattern include…
	It apply to the situation where blabla…
Yuchen: Exactly. Facade pattern is widely used… For example, xxxxx
Haitao: Such a useful pattern. However, everything comes with a cost. Is there any limitation of this pattern?
Yuchen: xxxx

slide 6
Q&A


	 









