JOB DESCRIPTION
 
Firm Risk Management Developer/Team Lead - Java
 
JOB NUMBER:  3076027
POSTING DATE:  Aug 19, 2016
ORGANIZATION:  CCH-90100 - [Institutional Securities Tech]
PRIMARY LOCATION:  Non-Japan Asia-China-Shanghai-Shanghai-1155 Fang Dian Road - [SHKER]
Education Level:  Bachelor's Degree
JOB:  Development
Employment Type:  Full Time
Job Level:  Vice President
Recruiting Contact Name:  Wang, Katie
Recruiting Contact Email:  katie.wang@morganstanley.com
 
DESCRIPTION
FRM IT Shanghai team is looking for a senior Team Leader (Java) developer who will be responsible for the development of risk platform Risk Vision. 
FRM IT team is a global organization with over 200 employees. Team focus on developing solutions for Morgan Stanley's Operational Risk and Control Framework, including tools to support the workflow and processing of information related to assessing and remediating risk, identifying operational losses and managing key risk indicators. The primary focus of the team is on delivery of outstanding solutions to our internal business clients. We encourage every member of the team to learn the business in addition to being outstanding software developers. We value teamwork and collaboration within the local team, with colleagues in Asia and others around the globe.
Team of 7 people in Shanghai covers a number of key modules including FORCAST, REACTR, ART, etc. Also Shanghai team is driving the development of SWORD, which is the strategic warehouse of Operational relationship data. 
We are looking for a team leader developer with strong leadership as well as solid technical background, especially those who are eager to build large-scale and robust web applications. Essential skills include: Java, OO and relational modeling skills, stored procedure/SQL development. Experience in developing Flex/web applications will be a plus. The candidate will be part of a growing team in our Shanghai office dedicated to development of solutions to support business.
The candidate must possess a strong technology background with excellent hands-on expert level knowledge of Java technology.
 
QUALIFICATIONS
Essential skills:
 University degree holder in relevant discipline
 Fluency in English and Mandarin. 
 Strong analytical skills
 5-10 years software development experiences
 Strong process orientation with in-depth understanding of SDLC
 Strong expertise in Core Java. Experience in Web technologies is a plus
 JavaScript / Ajax / JQuery
 Excellent DB2 (SQL) skills
 Exposure to Agile methodologies

Desirable skills:
 Mobile application design
 ExtJS
